#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aldryn-addons==2.1.0
    # via aldryn-sso
aldryn-apphooks-config==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-blog
aldryn-boilerplates==0.8.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-forms
aldryn-common==1.0.5
    # via aldryn-search
aldryn-forms @ https://github.com/what-digital/aldryn-forms/archive/0a4fd3305c68a2fb328ccd7e65596a6ddac3769d.zip
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms-recaptcha-plugin
    #   djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates
aldryn-forms-recaptcha-plugin==1.0.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-search==1.1.0
    # via djangocms-algolia
aldryn-sso==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
algoliasearch==3.0.0
    # via algoliasearch-django
algoliasearch-django==3.0.0
    # via djangocms-algolia
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via djangocms-algolia
boto3==1.28.30
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.31.30
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
build==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via premailer
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via pip-tools
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via pyjwt
cssselect==1.2.0
    # via premailer
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via svglib
cssutils==2.7.1
    # via premailer
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dj-email-url==1.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-addons
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   algoliasearch-django
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-absolute
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-adminutils
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-appdata
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-csp
    #   django-emailit
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filer
    #   django-filter
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-logentry-admin
    #   django-modeladmin-reorder
    #   django-parler
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-settings-export
    #   django-simple-sso
    #   django-sizefield
    #   django-solo
    #   django-standard-form
    #   django-storage-url
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-taggit-templatetags
    #   django-treebeard
    #   django-username-email
    #   djangocms-algolia
    #   djangocms-helpers
    #   djangocms-link-all
    #   djangocms-socialshare
    #   djangorestframework
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   webservices
django-absolute==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-emailit
django-admin-sortable2 @ https://github.com/what-digital/django-admin-sortable2/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
django-adminutils==0.0.16
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.54.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-search
django-appdata==0.4.0
    # via aldryn-apphooks-config
django-cache-url==3.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==4.1.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-standard-form
django-cms==3.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-apphooks-config
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   aldryn-search
    #   djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates
    #   djangocms-algolia
    #   djangocms-apphook-setup
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-history
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-link-all
    #   djangocms-modules
    #   djangocms-page-meta
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-redirect
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-socialshare
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-video
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via django-hijack-admin
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-emailit==0.2.4
    # via aldryn-forms
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
django-environ==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-fieldsignals==0.7.0
    # via djangocms-helpers
django-filer==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-link-all
    #   djangocms-page-meta
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-filter==23.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.4.1
    # via django-cms
django-getenv==1.3.2
    # via aldryn-addons
django-google-tag-manager==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-haystack==3.2.1
    # via aldryn-search
django-hijack==3.4.1
    # via django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.10
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==2.1.0
    # via django-mptt
django-logentry-admin==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-meta==2.3.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-helpers
    #   djangocms-page-meta
django-modeladmin-reorder==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-object-actions==4.1.0
    # via django-adminutils
django-parler==2.3
    # via djangocms-blog
django-polymorphic==3.1.0
    # via django-filer
django-recaptcha3 @ https://github.com/kbytesys/django-recaptcha3/archive/cec505ebd362bc82f9bc61509e02a04547301dba.zip
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms-recaptcha-plugin
django-robots==5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sekizai==4.1.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates
django-settings-export==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-simple-sso==1.2.0
    # via aldryn-sso
django-sizefield==2.1.0
    # via aldryn-forms
django-solo==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sortedm2m==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-common
    #   djangocms-blog
django-spurl==0.6.8
    # via aldryn-search
django-standard-form==1.1.1
    # via
    #   aldryn-search
    #   djangocms-algolia
django-storage-url==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.13.2
    # via django-storage-url
django-tablib==3.2
    # via aldryn-forms
django-taggit==4.0.0
    # via
    #   django-taggit-autosuggest
    #   django-taggit-templatetags
    #   djangocms-blog
django-taggit-autosuggest==0.4.1
    # via djangocms-blog
django-taggit-templatetags==0.2.5
    # via djangocms-blog
django-templatetag-sugar==1.0
    # via django-taggit-templatetags
django-treebeard==4.4
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-history
    #   djangocms-modules
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-video
django-username-email==2.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.12
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-admin-style==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
djangocms-aldryn-forms-bootstrap4-templates==1.0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-algolia==1.5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-apphook-setup==0.5.0
    # via djangocms-blog
djangocms-attributes-field==3.0.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-blog==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-bootstrap4 @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-bootstrap4/archive/afb656c7ddcaa0efb7d40f7ade197f47daed6990.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-file==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-googlemap==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-helpers==2.2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-history==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-modules
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-link==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-link-all==0.6.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-modules==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-page-meta==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-picture==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-redirect==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-snippet==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-socialshare==1.0.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==5.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-video @ https://github.com/django-cms/djangocms-video/archive/refs/heads/master.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails[svg]==2.8.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangocms-picture
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
furl==2.1.3
    # via
    #   aldryn-sso
    #   django-storage-url
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
idna==3.4
    # via requests
ipython==8.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==0.24
    # via
    #   django-simple-sso
    #   webservices
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsons==1.6.3
    # via djangocms-link-all
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   aldryn-search
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   premailer
    #   svglib
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via ipython
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   django-cms
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   reportlab
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
premailer==3.10.0
    # via django-emailit
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psycopg2==2.9.7
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via django-allauth
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   djangocms-blog
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via tablib
reportlab==4.0.4
    # via
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   svglib
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   algoliasearch
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-recaptcha3
    #   premailer
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   webservices
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
s3transfer==0.6.2
    # via boto3
sentry-sdk==1.29.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   asttokens
    #   django-compat
    #   django-spurl
    #   django-tablib
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
svglib==1.5.1
    # via easy-thumbnails
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-forms
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-tablib
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   svglib
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-countries
typish==1.9.3
    # via jsons
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
urlobject==2.4.3
    # via django-spurl
uwsgi==2.0.22
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
webservices[django]==0.7
    # via django-simple-sso
wheel==0.41.1
    # via pip-tools
whitenoise==6.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
yurl==1.0.0
    # via aldryn-boilerplates

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
